Combine license matches in new LicenseDetection (#2961)
nexB/scancode-toolkit: CHANGELOG.rst

=========

v32.0.0 (next next, roadmap)
----------------------------

Important API changes:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- The data structure of the JSON output has changed for licenses at resource level:

  - We now return ``license_detections`` information at the manifest file-level
  rather than ``licenses``. This three data attributes: ``license_expression``,

>   ``detection_log`` and ``matches``. Here ``matches`` is similar to previous

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ``detection_log`` and ``matches``. Here the ``matches`` attribute is similar to previous
```

  ``licenses`` with some additional changes.

  - A new attribute ``license_clues`` was added, which has license matches same
    as the ``matches`` field in ``license_detections``. This has license matches

>     which are mere clues and not proper detections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    that are mere license detection clues and not proper, conclusive license detections.
```
